there's many things that make them or a
very unique race I think is the best
race that is in the world no doubt well
my name is mark janae I've been racing
drivers professionally since 1998 I've
gone Alamo in the past I've been in the
podium many times and I've never seen
nmp one being so challenging as it is
now in the last 10 years for sure I'm
very happy to be part of an Asian family
because I like the cars I like their
culture
I like the Nismo concept the GTR lmp1
project is different to anything I've
seen we are a new team and honestly I
like a lot the atmosphere we we have at
the moment so all this experience that
I've done after so many here
I hope to the drivers craft done I don't
have the experience I can I can share
but all know that we are working for
Nissan and all know we are working as a
team and at the end of the day what we
want is listen to me
I'm Olivia I'm from Toulouse in France
I'm 33 years old and I start cutting you
know at the age of 12 and then motor
racing at 17 I start in the single
seaters I spent the last three years
racing in lmp2 with with the Nissan
engine we were with oak Racing's
well to be part of the Sun lmp1 TLC it's
a great feeling you know Suns coming
back to the mall you know with a
stronger mission and I'm very pleased
this is what I dreamt about since I was
here karting when I was 10 11 years old
so the fact that I've got this
opportunity it's amazing I'm really
looking forward to making roasted last
year into into prototypes for my first
season with Jota sport and the European
LeMond series which obviously a
fantastic year for me we finished second
in the championship but more importantly
one little more than 24 hours in class
you'll be able to spot the spectators be
able to spot in this anthem quite a long
way out from you know we're going down
the Mulsanne straight at the ones
it is nice to have a different approach
and I think it will bring some
difference in challenging
hi my name is Sergio Mazda I am a smoke
racing driver cuando me Aquino cannot
see you Shinde Giuliano Suzuka sake
tokala HK any passion is Sunday pandas
como si si por ahora a dog a sahaja yogi
tea a go-kart Oh a notary a Clemen or a
cemetery mini-cons voice key dr. C
Oh Tony kakko savoonga no human on day
Anna catasaurus ago toast itno de peso
metal guinea combination driver in
re-type en loco tenkara any son Simeone
e 6th and a scaler mo NS n Giannini
super GT no title okok talk strategy
master ho no category no title
rembu antelope autonomous
muga Mankato Tomi Guinea Apache crema
GTR LA passione acaba de Tajik are no
are San Sangha Ramon Davy stay Carano
Nando Nando prototype canary mani sang
Simba s I'm not a bikini
Antonio no Akinori sanaka diva Amanda
Jessica
hakuna Haleiwa Antonio no I want onaji
Portugal and I raise my stuff not a
total is a style I am really excited to
drive mr. JP L AM nice on PlayStation 3
which is what I came from no previous
experience to lmp1 term only racing for
three to eight years proving that you
know coming from the PlayStation is not
a bad idea
pull em on 24 hours no it's ultimate
test for GT Academy winners we are in
the highest class the top level of
motorsport and when I heard nice I'm
coming back I was instant thinking right
I'd love to be involved in that great
news to be part of selling p1 project
porn is my 134
incredible called upon to do this the
other boys and I can do what I enjoy
most yeah Michael for sure is a legend
he's won many championships he's been a
testing former one car
IndyCar driver but for sure you know his
highlights are in Japan another
highlight of my career was certainly the
time attack in the road car achieve yo
mismo at the Nurburgring where we try to
do a new record try to break the 7:10
well the boys race out there means
everything for me about racing about my
racing career it's not exciting the
longest it's always always a huge
challenge you know that you are you know
competing the most important race in the
world a unique race considering its on
the streets and it's a nice feeling to
pass road signs at 190 miles an hour not
get dead for it six years ago
play that form of the PlayStation now
and if you won
what are the Rheem
you